Plan is to make a project going forward whenever I have I will get any file uh, which is being filed from my end or the other party's end or the court has given some orders rules I will just upload inside a folder of that project and the project will automatically do the needful steps is that make sense if that makes sense I'll explain that what is my plan but you do not need to stick with my plan the end goal is like that automations but you can make change modify upgrade anything only make sure that after uploading one documents in any project whether it is in Claude or the chat GPT or the any AI as soon as I will upload the folder or the files inside a particular folder on the project it will start understanding what it, it is supposed to do and it will prepare the relevant file which I need to prepare and post to the code it will give a readme file of which code I have to post which I have to file by when I have to file with that any things I have to attach for example I got a uh, like response from the orders which is saying you have to refile these things so that order I will upload in certain folder and the project will automatically start and it will be doing multiple steps and finally the project will give me a prompt hey your file is ready read it file it like that
F:\6th October -2026\1.Raw-data-filed-In-court --creation of folder whenever the court, any court, for example, trial court, appeal court, supreme court, gives any anything. I got anything in my box, inbox, mailbox. I will upload, download the mail and the attachment here to start the project. It can be my own documents also. As soon as I filed also, I will download that one and with the code stamp and I will upload here so that the project should know that what is my next steps, what is my expected steps and they can create. If it is a motion I'm filing from my end, then the motion, it, as soon as it read, it will put it in the relevant folder and then it will start guessing. In a very strong way, devil's advocate, and it will prepare a response from the other party's perspective. I will give that folder also and keep them ready for other perspective what they are about to file so that we can beforehand ready with our reply. But as soon as original response will come, I'll upload that and we will fine-tune our motions reply like that hope it is understandable so I am uh, telling you one by one whenever you do not have understand you can ask me any question. Prep for other party will go here “F:\6th October -2026\10.How other AI will run the project\Expected-File-from-OtherParties-TopAttorneys-Make strong-Respnse”
F:\6th October -2026\2.All-Source-data-AtOnePlace ---Hence, I uploaded any files or folder in the folder one. The AI will understand under which category the file is belongs to and it will put in that folder, relevant folder and make its um, text file also. Because when the AI will read, always it read the PDF for more information, but its text file will help to quick reading, first reading when they refer again and again. So make sure the entire file is properly scripted in a text file. We have already um, have examples how those text files get created in different different project which we have used in the cloud. So make sure that any files what is uploaded in folder one, it is gone to the folder two in the relevant path and the relevant text file is on the same name is being attached and maintain the sequence. If it is epilated file and it is 0 to 170 is always there, then the new file will go to 171. If it is trial related and the docket number, according to the docket number, we can maintain that file. In the Supreme Court also, there is sequence 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, whatever, the sequence should be maintained. So that these uh, appeal and Supreme Court uh, file number is for our internal purpose so that internally we can track those files properly because they do not have any docket number. Hope it is understandable.

F:\6th October -2026\3.Segregating-Source-data-BasisOf-Procedural-NonProcedural-Already-Prepared-to-Consume ---file is properly placed at the folder one, AI will run and understand under which category it will go. It's Supreme Court, trial court, and it will give a proper number and it will put inside the folder. And then it will be segregate the file. Is this procedural related things, for example, some extension of file uh, date directly or attaching some notice of appearance like that. Those are the procedurals in it. Is there any logic on the procedurals? If then it will be go under procedurals as well as the um, non-procedural also. Non-procedural means here the uh, merit-wise case. And there is another category that it is like uh, it is both the procedures and uh, and non-procedural also. We can choose that one. But I will prefer if it is procedural and non-procedural, both the uh, files, um, both the folder, procedures and non-procedural will be updated. So it will be easy. So I have kept procedural and non-procedurals for rare case scenarios. where it is very tough for you to decide in which category. If you are thinking, uh, even a notice of appeal has lots of data, which can be used as a materials, we can always put procedurals and non-procedural. If you see, it's directly a procedural related that the other party has asked for, uh, that other party has some file there, Uh, attorneys as rejecting and uh, uh, resigning so that will be pure procedural you can put it in the procedural mostly appeal court lots of things are non-procedural they are merit basis in the trial court very few things can be procedurals but we have to segregate those things

F:\6th October -2026\4.TrackBack-Documents ---This is very important. It is a trackback. For example, I, I saw a motion that they have filed a replies of the motions in the Supreme Court. So we, I will up, upload this in the uh, folder one and then it will go to folder two and then it will go to the folder uh, folder two Supreme Court and then it will be segmented of the folder threes of non-procedures. And here it will be like, what was the original motion filed in the trial court? What was the order? Original motion filed them by them or me. What was the response? What was the reply? Then what order came? Then why I when I challenge it to appeal court notice of appearances? What I wrote to the appeal court commissioners and what what they wrote in the appeal court commissioner? What I replied and what was the uh, decisions from there? Then how I challenge in the motion to modify what I wrote, what they wrote, what I reply. Then what decisions came and then why I came to the Supreme Court, what I file, why file, the, those entire series will be tracked back. Uh, so those track back will be made in a zip and a folder also. Uh, inside the folder, you can have the what I file, what they file in Supreme Court so that it will be understand for your sense that how it gone well. Like subfolder, folder, proper naming convention are very important. Uh, so I can give you a project which I was maintaining till date to making those. That was making the uh, the downloadable file always ready for me track back. It you can take some help from there, but the concept you uh, can maintain. Uh, like till now, whatever they have prepared in that project, you can take the help. Um, and um, to see how we can proceed but going forward you can maintain your own way to track back so this is always uh, this folder will you will make when there is new things filed uh, so uh, and you can track back so that when you start preparing the document it will help you to refer the quick files most important file then you can go to the details also hope you have understand that one, Still date the sample project which was helping me to track back is this see if u can take inputs from them.” C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\brief\2.Structured-Way-Appeal-Data” ---it initially for that Apple code but when I start up, uh, like uploading uh, folders in the file folder they started giving me a glimpse what is my upcoming things and not like index wise I can z download the zip with the, all the package even for the trial code supreme code also so but yes we will be obviously for our project this project we will be having the index to zip download and um, as well as uh, those zip download will have one type of zip when where the structure will be there properly this code that code subfolder and one zip will be like all the files together with a read only file so if we are uploading our files in uh, ChatGPT who cannot read from the our folder we can upload the zip with a read only files and the names of the files uh, what is the purpose when it is served in which code it is filed those will be there uh, like that it will be there and for our own project purpose also you can make all the structure wise folders and then um, two type of zip you can make however you possible basically when you start making the documents that will help you for initial get a glimpse and ideas that is what I understand

F:\6th October -2026\5.All Imp files for quick reference ---seeing that we are maintaining the CPs, which are very important, and trial code documents, which are very important. You know where is a path to get all the CPs, uh, 12 volumes, and uh, all the um, uh, appeal code documents and their respected uh, text files. You are uh, you can uh, see the multiple folders and get extracted and keep them on the relevant folder. For example, the uh, second folder where you have to keep all these things with the and the third folder where segment wise we have to segregate all these things. And this is already made. You can file find them and put them. Uh, but what I felt like other than that, I will give one folder where uh, all the For example, quick reference file like um, arbitrations related documents, all the orders or something, uh, most important recently filed uh, documents uh, in the trial court as being maintained. So those those also you can keep here in the uh, folder wise so that it will be uh, relevant for you to quickly reference. I have already put them in different different folder. text mode and the all real PDF mode you can extract those informations and put them in the relevant file remember when you are putting the PDF files make sure PDF is adjoined with the same name text file also I'll give you recently made a uh, project folders so that you can extract those data and fill all this relevant data of histories because Once this project will start, you will not have those histories, right? Ready. You have to put it, extract it, put it. And then only you can uh, like go for the new uh, files.

Few folder to get info to fill the historical data , F:\ --- most data PDF and text file can be found here
C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\brief – if Imp quick ref file u need to take from here which for present in the F drive u can take them from here make sure PDF should have text file also ready in the folder when u r keeping

I recently started making those files and folders in the Ave drive. Um, lots of project I have made already. I will prefer just go and check all the CPs and their relevant uh, text file, uh, trial court related procedural, non-procedural, appeal court related procedural, non-procedurals, uh, Supreme Court related procedural, non-procedurals files, and then um, all the appeals related files together, 1 to 170 or 171, and their relevant text files. Everything you should uh, gather uh, one by one and put it in the folder structure properly. Then you do not need to actually create them from the scratch. You already have them. In case you do not find anything, the second link is for that. Uh, but mostly you will be find everything in the F file folder because inside the F folder, uh, if you scrutiny, those are the files will have the their relevant text files also. But uh, once everything, entire structure is done, then make sure the um, uh, PDF and its um, relevant text file is properly made. All the data are there. So it will be helping for data mining later onwards. Hope you have understand that one.

F:\6th October -2026\6.Rules ---this is the most important folder. This is the brain of the project. If the heart of the project is the CPs and the appeal court files and the Supreme Court file and trial court files, then this folder is the brain of the folder. It will operate everything. So again, the F drive, I have recently made lots of projects. In fact, you know, like the references there, 2nd October folders are having the lots of projects. We are making lots of rules, regulations, especially I'll put a few of them so that you can quickly uh, see them. You know how to make those rules and regulations so that memory is properly managed. Token is properly managed, efficiency is properly managed, iterations is properly managed, end task will be always shown. During showing the iterations, it will always show the current execution time, next iteration run, and expected time, both the places, the starting of the chat, ending of the chat. Even we started this project to uh, like execute everything, and in the midnight, It cross. It should not be stopped uh, doing its task like that. It should not have excuses. Oh, it has started 11:45. Um, the next iteration was 12 o'clock, so I stopped and I was waiting for your inputs. Those are not there. There are lots of rules and regulations we have made while we were preparing the last three documents like declarations, appeal reply, trial reply. Uh, and the uh, Supreme Court reply, all those things. I am giving few folders, uh, special folders, and all these things you will be going through the F folders and see all these rules and regulations. You know the target goal of this project, but uh, you can take the, all the good things and make the rules preparations. But recently what I used, I'll give that folders also so that you can make rules folders. So I just make the basic folders. There can be more, more, more subfolders to execute this properly. Remember, mostly this file, this folder need need need read only files also. And one of the most important th things is like that. I do not know what AI is going to make this one right uh, for the future. So as a Claude, you are making this folder, which has this 12 folder or 13 folder. Make sure everything. is acceptable and understandable for any AI. Tomorrow, if I have the Claude um, um, subscription, I can give in the first folder the file, it can run and achieve the end goal. If I have the cursor subscriptions, I'll upload the folders and I'll say, uh, do the needful, it can run. So you decided like where you will be keeping that particular file which will be having all the data so that any AI can make the end goal. You understand? So I'm giving you few folders name when you can go and make this rules which is the brain of the project properly.

F:\2ndOctober , F:\2ndOctober\Final structure, ---after you check this two folder, make sure all the F drive inside the F drive, whatever the folder you have, make sure all you check. In case you find a special rule or regulations which you have followed and which is, has a good thing, just uh, you can make it our brain more sharp. The main purpose is going forwards. I am going to delete all this other folder other than this particular project we are making. I am like giving the particular project also, which is um, I will going to keep and all the other folders I will delete. from the F drive. So make sure before I delete everything, you see all these things in the F drive. Um, make your brain heavy with the proper rules and regulations, with the token, memory management. Uh, and we will write the LD prompt like that, that it will go and relaxly work and use minimum token. And understand the memory, it will not forget what it has done.

F:\6th October -2026 -- this will be the only folder going forward in the f drive all project and folder I will delete

F:\6th October -2026\7.Audio-Support-For-Prep-Docs ---what is this folder should have you can find those things I have given multiple links from there you can find we I have actually uh, become very emotional to tell my case um, so I have created a project I will put the name of the project uh, here and the audio project where I upload when I upload anything in my drive automatically uh, this folder will uh, get it uh, and then it will make a raw text file then we can use this text file going forwards that was and uh, like uh, in that project so uh, these audio folder going forward whenever like you have to first fill with this 19 audio files and what I want folder with that one there will be two like a uh, folder like one one is um, 19 folder audio raw file and what I want folder okay so in going forward if I remember any more points I'll make an audio from my mobile and I'll upload inside the raw audio folder and then immediately you can make a um, make a text file on that one already 19 folder text file is there uh, I will introduce a project the project has lots of other steps also first it will make the uh, when I upload this uh, it will give a proper name and then put it there then make the text file then make a sequence uh, of that one of the audio files like as per the uh, histories and then make a proper professional documents those you can do if you required but the main thing when as soon as I will put uh, audio clips of mine and I upload in this folder make sure you give a number sequence number like if it is I right now upload anything it will be 20 because 90 audio file is all there and then you have made a 20th uh, file also text file also and if possible you can maintain a master copies of all these uh, documents as soon as some audio will be there there you have made its specific text file and then master files also get uh, updated but I do not care I do not think that master files is needed when audio text file is there anytime you are um, going to make anything you can always refer this 20 files um, that will make you more um, up to date uh, but I'll introduce the project so that you can know what was this purpose another was is what I want which is already there in that you can put that what I want if future if I want more things I will put the audio and immediately you can make the text and keep it there and you can use in your next documents um, uh, like that hope you have understand

Giving the old Audio project to u for better visibility. But in the, those that project that time was very in detail. Right now, we do not need detail because right now we know how to make our own rules and how to make a document. So keep this part of this audio is very simple. When I upload, make it text, maximum make a whole documents of um, master file. If that is not even mandatory. But yes, as my top attorney, you think that can help, you can do that one. But when I upload this one, give a proper sequence number and sequence file. You make it, then it will be have like, solve the purpose so that you can always refer in your uh, rules files and you can make sure that documents are properly updated. And uh, regarding the what I want is a separate folder inside the main audio folders which we are referring. And there also I can keep uploading the what I want. “C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\brief\Audio”

F:\6th October -2026\8.Audio-Support-to-understand-the prepared file --Now, this file is very important for me. Why I'm saying I being a Bengali do not understand English much. It is very tough for me uh, to read and understand and interpret all these things. For that, I have made a project. I'll share the project link with you. You can understand whenever you will be preparing any folder, uh, final folder. Obviously, you will be making two documents like docs and PDF because anytime other uh, AI can also work with the docs, uh, like in the preparation folder, which will come soon. I made a project where I actually give the PDF in a particular folder and it create a HTML and when I upload that to my mobile it's properly read in Bengali language and it helped me to understand what has been written so I'll give you the project um, project folder and the prompt then you will understand I do not know that whether you will be able to follow that one uh, follow that things and keep that project inside that so that I do not need other places you can do all these things do you need Claude entire chat history or not or this prompt and the project folder and will be enough but make sure the way it prepared for me till date you prepare the same way then I do not need to pre I do not go to that another uh, uh, again the that old project to get the done in Bengali language here everything I can get under the same roof

C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\English to bengali – Original --- Project folder.

Prompt What I use I will post that also ‘here is the files in English "C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\English to bengali - Original\docs-Needs-translate"

here is the file "C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\English to bengali - Original\Bengali_Audio_Reader" -- which where u have to created the html file . the name of the file will be "C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\English to bengali - Original\Bengali_Audio_Reader\Bengali_Audio_Reader" any time u want to refer a properly run file is this one C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\English to bengali - Original\Bengali_Audio_Reader\ProperlyWorking’

C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\ -- incase u don’t find any file to create the project folder u can get data here example Canada related that courts data which came what I filed to them

F:\6th October -2026\9.Better-Structural points and logic Implementation --- in this folder you will make a, a master document uh, which master document basically you will be uh, creating one time and it will be keep updating once you are creating new new documents the master documents will basically from trial level appeal level supreme court level whenever you have whatever file you have created if any logic and the structure and the mapping you refer and the way it is being written it's good it should be followable for future documents those notes you will keep adding for example while we are addressing the motion to modify for the superseded bond in trial court it is written in a certain style which is very nice and you have identified the style it can help in some documents in future references so these type of notes you will keep adding what type of good good documents we have created and what was the like uh, maybe the we have not got outcome but because the court is very lazy but you think these documents have a very good written style or it represent this table very way, good way or some certain tables are very important all these notes you will be creating and this will be a one time activity and it is a very hard and uh, effort effortful activity I'll prefer that once all other things are been done you can choose to work on that one to make a master document so whenever next time onwards you will be creating a documents you can refer this and the future documents will be more valuable more oriented more organized more better all the good points of all the good documents will be refer with the proper file number structure which folder where is this one you can refer it um, in a uh, certain way uh, so that it will be a helping document for example if a particular document is very nice way articulate the exhibit you can take that points another file is very well in introductions you can point it out so whenever next time you will create a documents you can know like what is the best introductions or five documents as a good introduction you can follow those structure so hope you understand this purpose of this file Uh, to create this one you have to go through all these documents I'll prefer that you can go through all the text documents which is easy to go through first and write it down and then you can cross verify but it is very important for the future improvement all the documents going forward will be more and more improved versions

F:\6th October -2026\10.How other AI will run the project --- has basically two subfolder. One is when we have prepared some documents and our final document is ready to be filed. That time, you will be creating a documents, assuming that you are a free, um, sorry, assuming you are a first time reader of the documents, you are an attorney and you do not have any context, you have all the data, exhibit, whatever, uh, as per the uh, um, attorney's perspective, as per the judge's perspective, you will read the documents which I am going to file or I have already filed this type of documents and create an order and um, and create an order and opposite party's response ready. So as soon as they will actually file something, we can have a base ready and we can have a um, response ready and it will be helping us to make our motion basically very strong. Uh, and another folder is uh, active folder. Whenever you are uh, creating the documents with the rules and regulations prompt, make sure that other folder you are using um, for review keeping with the like date wise review keeping and then closing those points in fact in case i have to upload your make, made document in the other than this uh, like uh, Claude i upload the documents in other ai and i got the um, response i will paste inside that running folder or i will give you the in the chat and you can create a documents and then you can close all this point for that purpose it is very uh, much i say like devil's advocate game to make our motion extremely hard to break and i'm just giving you a, a my opinion that they are responding with the help of the ai so before they give any ai related response we will create a sub agent and we will create all these things ready and so that their AI should give one and said this motion is too strong to break anything and they will be now nervous so this is the purpose to make them nervous and we are good at our homework

F:\6th October -2026\11.All the orders from different courts -Quick ref --- folder I always want whenever uh, whatever the orders we have got till date keep all this order up to date in this folder I have something in my brief folder I will give you the link where you can copy paste all the orders I think the latest order will be missed out from here keep all these things up to date the base is already there you can keep it from that uh, from there and post it there and I will ask you to um, maintain the order in that way three folders for example appeal code trial code Uh, and then um, Supreme Court inside that procedural order and real uh, merit based order then procedural error means like extension of time granted uh, all these things date extension this type of things and the merit wise orders but maintain the sequence for example in the appeal court you have the 10 orders one two three is the non-procedural order the merit wise and fourth one is the order of procedural So fourth one will go to the uh, procedural and then again five will be there in the non-procedural so that I can we can we all can track back all this folder which we are going to discuss and we have already discussed and we are going to discuss make sure all this folder have their read-only files um, so that other AI or other sessions can always understand what is the purpose and how the files and folders are being made, like uh, maintained. Uh, and what is the used of uh, going to be used uh, you can uh, like uh, with all this order maintain you can uh, keep a um, index file also uh, to download any order quickly uh, and with the short short uh, descriptions how we have created for the uh, uh, one of the other folders I have given the project right uh, for appeal court uh, like uh, track back I have created a project with an index file. This order can be also, you can use that one. I'll give you a project already, like a folder which we already use. We can reuse those things and keep updating with the latest one, which is already not here. You can keep in them. In fact, in future, if uh, Canada and uh, India also come, uh, so make the folder ready for them also. Ref project “C:\Users\Ritupriya\Downloads\brief\6.Trial-Courts-Orders\Project_for_orders”

F:\6th October -2026\12.Preparation-Date-wise-Upcoming-File -- this is the outcome of all the research rules regulation brain heart whenever the documents is uploaded you are making the next movement documents for the code to be filed like you are making this inside this folder you will make a folder like that uh, the the when the documents I need to file for example 12 is the date so 12 um, October and uh, October 2026 and then inside that you will start preparing the all the activities like making the folder uh, inside that original documents docs and PDF you will be creating another folder for sequence the all these things you are referring from the folder sequence number wise the CPs and appeal descriptions and another folder original CPs and appeal folder so that it will be easy to track me and that docs and PDF will be having two types of things one I can refer with a number red numbers hey I can go and check the CPs and other word fileable things all these things for example one at a time you are making three documents there will be so in this main folder which I have referred right now uh, the folder number 12 uh, there will be you will be making um, three folders because 12 October is one due date 13 October 14 October so all these things will be there basically documents reference documents sequence for cross check um, then another folder will be the all case laws then you will be pull all the case law which you are referring so that we can uh, and then the original case laws documents you will be putting one by one and then finally you will be hand over all these things to the uh, devil's advocate uh, with the prompt they will understand hey whether you are properly referred or not and if there is something wrong they will give you the review folders or the reviews and you can correct this is the process so this is all the structure which I am saying it is my perspective you can take it and your perspective and make better work for better work because you have more knowledge I'm just saying as a human perspective you are an AI you are a machine you can make better things for me

do not start making anything but read all this instruction which I have given and just tell me in few lines maybe maybe 20 lines what you have understand what is the end goal did you understand all the projects especially the rules and the source data and will it be feasible for you to make this type of project for me and will it be helpful for you to create this thing so that whenever there is any file comes we can start working like that because it's very important do not start making anything just give me that assurance that you have understand and once like go slow understand every folder structure and all these things do not misuse the tokens with minimum token you just figure it out whatever needed you have understand and give me 20 or 30 lines understandable things whether it is possible for you and it is feasible for you it is a good idea for you or not that will be a helpful thing

And once I convince that you have understood everything, I will tell start. Then only you can start working.

F:\6th October -2026\13.Helps-For-Already-Created-Not-Filed-File ---folder is an exceptional folder. Sometimes it happens before we are um, making this project. Already I have created a few files which I have to file um, soon. And if I wanted to see any changes is recommended for one or not, I can keep those files here. And as you have by the time created all the folder, you know what is my upcoming um, fileable things. What is my upcoming file I have to file. And you know the, the, um, the trackback files also because the project you will be making. As soon as I will upload a files here, and I inform you, do the needful. I have uploaded the files here and do the needful. You can make, create your trackback file uh, and then see all the rules and regulations and understand that is there any chances of improvement is there or not. So these folder, when I upload any files, it is just already I have created this file, not filed yet. I'm just studying these files. So it is a last minute check with through this project. So it will not follow the folder number one where when the file is coming from the uh, code and that respect that file we are making. This is not that. This is a separate file. It will be started from the uh, track back. This already I have created. So you can create the track back one by seeing what is the upcoming things. why I have created this file. And then, then onwards, you can follow all these other rules also. most important file, uh, most important uh, thing is like that. I can only upload this file, uh, uh, like I can only upload any file in this folder when all these histories already have few fetch back, rules are prepared, sources are prepared, then only I can check how beautifully you can check that the files which I'm created is any deviations uh, you are recommending, I mean, betterment you are recommending to make it solid.

F:\6th October -2026\14.ProjectMaking ---the folder. This is the only folder where you can keep the data which I'm posting you, the instruction set through your chat or the folder. You can paste this in the folder. This folder is a what this project is going to do. What are the folders we are using? What is the purpose of the folder? These will track it here. So the raw data or files which I will be uploading to start reading these things, you can keep a copy in a doc format here. You can make it more um, professional way which you have understand in the way. And then when you start, you going forward, you can refer the raw data and what you have understood from there. Even I lost this file. Inside this folder, there will be a file which I have uh, given to you originally what you understand, how you are going to do that one. This is going to be maintained. In future, if I want to change any structure, I want another folder to be introduced, I'll uh, record it and I'll send you as a uh, chat or file. You will be maintaining all these things here. Okay. So... These files or the chat can got lost how we have started the file. But here all these things will be there. Even tomorrow I start our sessions. This will be the like understandable what we have discussed as well as in the chat will be there. But here the chat I have to scroll back. But the first instruction. But always remember date wise give the instruction. One then uh, instruction. And then um, what is given by from my end, the instruction. And if you find something you are creating, AI, what understand? Like that, you maintain one, two, three, four, your instruction, my instructions. Always, whenever you are creating any rules and regulations file, do use relative paths. Because this folder is in right now, I'm planning to keep it in F drive. Tomorrow, I can put it inside the D drive also, C drive also. So relative uh, file you maintain. These original files which I am describing right now, I am describing everybody's perspective which will be inside this folder. But when you create your folder structure, always create the relative file. okay. So this is, this is the only file which you can put inside that. And now you understand. And tell me what you have understand. Then when, will, when I will tell you to start, then only you can start. Not before that.
